PG-420: PGSM-1.0.1 release notes (#239)
percona/pg_stat_monitor: docs/RELEASE_NOTES.md

Below is the complete list of release notes for every version of ``pg_stat_monitor``.

## 1.0.1

### Bugs Fixed

> [PG-382](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PG-382): Histogram default settings changed to prevent PG server to crash

Reviewer: I suggest we write the full name "the PostgreSQL server" instead of abbreviation here

> [PG-417](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PG-417): Security vulnerabilities addressed to prevent an attacker to precreate functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PG-417](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PG-417): Addressed security vulnerabilities to prevent an attacker from precreating functions
```

> [DISTPG-427](https://jira.percona.com/browse/DISTPG-427): Extensions using emit_log_hook stopped working

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[DISTPG-427](https://jira.percona.com/browse/DISTPG-427): Fixed the issue with the extensions not working when pg_stat_monitor is enabled by replacing the `return` with `goto exit` for the `pgsm_emit_log_hook` function
```
